namespace labels feature added in the docs (#1832)
cloudfoundry/service-fabrik-broker: docs/Interoperator-Features.md

     --namespace interoperator --wait interoperator interoperator
```

## Add Custom Labels to all the Service Instance Namespace

> You can add custom labels to the namespace created for the service instance. This custom labels can also be use to exploit `Pod Security Admission` feature of Kubernetes. Below is the example shows how you can add labels,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can add custom labels to the namespace created for the service instance. This custom labels can also be used to employ [Pod Security Admission](https://v1-25.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission/) feature of Kubernetes. Below example shows how you can add labels,

```
some minor rephrasing to match the tone of the document 😄

```

> In Values.yaml, you can find broker.services_namespace_labels where you can add labels of your choice -

Reviewer: May be this line can be outside of the code block.

Reviewer: I think it will be good to mention that the custom labels are applied only when the `broker.enable_namespaced_separation` is set to `true`
